hi everyone welcome to the ipfs Coromant
ations weekly sync for Monday the 29th
of June 2020 I am making brain I will be
your host we're gonna go around the room
and talk about a high priority
initiatives other initiatives and then
questions exit three century so first of
all the upcoming and ship releases you
can pull where Jessica first briefly we
shipped North Point 47 last week that
boy in the latest the Peter P which is
no point 28 which introduced the noise
protocol as a fullback for a sec I oh
how we also got a persistent pistol and
so you shot your note down and started
up again it doesn't try to like try to
reconnect to the peers it was clean
previously we got a new web UI and we
got some bug fixes and by penis pub/sub
and another thing so you should know you
upgrade to that it will be awesome you
will dig it the most any other upcoming
releases was there not a new go as well
IP us yeah Oh dot six that came out like
two weeks ago though you should have
been last week's but yeah that includes
a myriad of things switching to quick by
defaults pinning or the pier appearing
yeah that's the word yeah we've up
hearing support in there the update took
awesome sub 1.1 so it is good stuff get
it and it also has base 36 support I
will just link that into the release if
you want to read up on the release notes
awesome so
on to the other initiative so pinning
services yes so as part of a upcoming
effort we're gonna be working looking at
finishing up a spec for pinning service
api's and what this will do is let us
take third-party third-party pinning
services like in fira pinata and
configure that with ipfs so that in web
UI and hopefully in IP even CLI as well
you'll be able to to pin off to
third-party services so and we are
shooting targeting Oh dot seven for that
but we still need to work through
exactly what the this scope of work is
going to be and then what the phases of
that scope will be because we'll try to
phase out intermittent support for that
cool next up is this subdomain gave me a
brief update is that I finished redoing
it just need to finish tests there's
like a lot of harness to go through so
I'll probably ask for review later this
week but people to be a small TR and
hopefully that will ship with 0.7 as
well yeah I think we might want to
remove it at least for now for the
foreseeable future so I know Dirk is on
many other things
so rather than track this and have no
progress for the next couple months
we'll just kick that out
that's nonsense at all we've got no no
liebe sushi today
so probably extreme content based
ranking research improvements and that
might be a similar thing that we like I
think that's getting will be tabled it
probably for the next couple of months
but nothing nothing one rushed for today
dragon
garishly PTP rendezvous yes who is still
Arnold attending the next item of the
list which I can also talk now which is
the sign pure hydrogen gas of 7.1 so the
regarding the sign he records it's
mostly everything you know since the
hacker interface then the envelope in
the record implementation that Jake have
already did first pass and I also
finished on Friday and today identified
integration in the file address book so
yeah this week I will wait for it of
years in Detroit
in order to try to make it blend
everything this week or beginning of the
next one and in the gossips of 1.1 we
are also making a lot of progress most
of the big chunks of work are merged in
temporary branch for now the Pierce car
flood flood publishing a standard
validators adaptive gossip pruning back
off and also the opportunistic rafting
and three main things that we had left
it's basically the direct peer
connections the spam protection and the
pure exchange which is the dependency on
the sign pure records so yeah we I will
also continue this really helping caiman
who is currently working on this in the
chain Southside and yeah that's it
awesome
initiatives 51.5 and go if your vests
not date here as far as I know migration
to multi hash keys in the block store so
there's a PR open which lands this in
Jos ipfs it's ready to go I guess the
only way thing about it is that now the
refs locals just it returns you see IDs
then made up of V 1 with IPL deal or
codex I added a had a there was a madam
at she added a multi hash like a multi
caches flag to that command so that it
actually prints out the keys that things
are stored on there in the data store I
guess we just need to like me someone
from guard fest and whose FA with the
attempt to move the keys to be multi
hashes just look at that and make sure
the that's ball they're gonna implement
as well so we've got some kind of
alignment on that is that is that Hector
who was gonna be doing that or as far as
I know but I haven't seen I guess check
with him and then see how that goes you
can look we can talk we'll see how it's
gone mm-hmm pending system revamp yes
next so that so I'm going to pick up
this week
now that the migration stuff is in place
and Sherlock your first note yeah so the
pull request is ready for review and it
I've been waiting to get something back
I so jump to it in other words I will be
doing it's trying to optimize a
ipfs ad such that in the browser and web
UI it will not use a normalization face
that it has right now was that causes
the buffering to occur and then there is
a cap in the browser's of how long
how much data you can upload it also
just slow down slows down sings I'll put
details and more into notes but I do
want to use a design review proposal for
that I'll create item since you want to
be on that call please that yourself
that's it
oh that brings us to the end of the
other initiatives so yeah so design roof
appraisals anything apart from we're
actually is my first ad optimization
cool Broca's and asks
anyone brought and you will need anyone
to do anything questions anybody got any
questions we are speeding through this
list this is amazing we're gonna get so
much time back it's gonna be the best
Monday ever I have a question
yeah sorry just wondering is I was
reading through thanks for answering
some questions about IPs stuff on on
discuss so I was looking into some of
that as well
and was wondering if anyone had any
thoughts about our context on why we
still why we still care about peers that
do not embed public keys into the IP NS
records it feels like that has gotta
have been like an ancient change and we
can probably stop caring about that if
people if nobody here has contacts I
will go exploring further I just thought
I would do a survey before I did that
okay will do I will I will report back
with any ending of bits
good luck with this belong to any other
questions anything for the parking lot
so the carpod amazing thank you so much
for your time this has been the I prefer
score implementations week do you think
for Monday the 29th of June 2020 safe
I'll see you on the Internet
Thanks